Expectation
-----------

JD: Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools, and processes
Hands-on experience in automation using Cypress and Playwright with Core java.
Hands-on experience in Cypress and Playwright using Core Java
Good hands on in writing SQL queries
API manual testing using Postman or similar tools.
Hands on expiring in API Automation using Rest assured framework.
Customize basic core functions of the Framework.
Create all Framework Reusable Functions
Test data set up.
Test case dry run
Experience in development & maintenance of test scenarios & automation scripts
Working knowledge on Core java
Knowledge to integrate Automation suite with DevOps pipeline and maintenance.
Able to automate given work items within sprint.
Familiar with Agile process


Skills: Automation Testing,Java,Selenium,Cucumber
2+ yrs into selenium with java and framework any one is must. such as - (TestNG or BDD or cucumger or Rest or soap)


Detail Job Description –

•             Very strong knowledge on Selenium test case development

•             Strong knowledge on Core Java concepts

•             Strong knowledge on Cucumber Feature file creation Hands on TestNG scripting In dept understanding of SQL & DB concepts

•             Hands on expereince using Eclipse IDE

•             Deep understanding of Microservices and its usage (API).



? Experience in Test Automation using Java and Selenium
? Working knowledge on BDD Cucumber
? Work with stakeholders to produce testable acceptance criteria
? Create and maintain automated tests.
? Perform functional and acceptance testing working as part of a development team.
? Provide close test support to the development teams including advice on testing as required.
? Hands on coding of the automation test scripts
? Review test cases, and execution
? Should be Flexible to understand the existing framework and customize it as per client business needs, and developing automation scripts.
? Client Facing and have excellent communication skills
? Ready to work under minimal guidance for the allotted automation to be accomplished
? Ready to learn new technologies and tools to achieve maximum automation possible across domains and technologies
Primary Skills:
? Selenium
? Java
Secondary Skills:
? BDD/Cucumber
? Good Communication Skills

-------------------------------------------------------------------
Job Description:
We are seeking a MAnual API Test Engineer with 4-7 years of experience to join our dynamic team. The
ideal candidate will have a strong foundation in testing methodologies and a keen interest in
transitioning into automation testing. This role involves ensuring the quality of our software
products through testing, while also learning and contributing to automation test scripts.
Key Responsibilities:
- Design, develop, and execute test cases and test plans.
- Identify, record, and track bugs through to resolution.
- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure quality throughout the software
development lifecycle.
- Provide detailed and effective bug reports and test summaries.
- Contribute to the maintenance and improvement of testing processes and procedures.
- Begin to learn and engage with automated testing tools and scripts.
- Assist in the development and implementation of automated testing strategies.
- Stay updated with new testing tools and test strategies.
Qualifications:
- Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science.
- 4-7 years of experience in software testing.
- Expert in API Testing
- Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools, and processes.
- Experience in writing clear, concise, and comprehensive test plans and test cases.
- Excellent problem-solving and communication skills.
- Ability to work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.
- Experience with Agile/Scrum development processes is preferred.

Java Developer
--------------
JavaScript , Agile, CI/CD, Jenkins, DevOps, GitHub, JSON, SonarQube, Cypress, Jest/Enzyme, Java, Springboot. Familiarity with Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
Requirements:
4-6 years Technical/Software engineer or craftsmanship role
High degree of self-motivation and ability to operate with limited supervision ·
Candidate is up to date and knowledgeable of Technical standards and Industry wide best practices
Results orientated with a customer focused attitude
Knowledge of AGILE methodologies/tools including Rally
Leadership/ability collaborate on technical solutions and designs
Experience and appreciation for TDD and pair programming
Serves as technical SME on product functionalities, integrations, and anticipated roadmap.
Strictly adopts Technology and Architecture standards.
Leverages tools to support DevOps and debug production issues.
Provides and enforces software craftsmanship standards
Serves as a liaison with other groups for specific technical competencies.
Leads the adoption of new trends and methods.