QA Automation Profile interview question (Deloitte)

Technical 1
1. Common question( Intro+ project + framework architecture)
2. Data selection in Calendar, Excel iteration then send values to text box.
3. What are Idempotent methods? How is it relevant in RESTful web
services domain?
4. Based on what factors, you can decide which type of web services you
need to use — SOAP or REST?
5. What is Payload in terms of RESTful web services?
6. importance of API documentation in API automation testing?
7. Have you integrated automation testing into CI/CD pipelines before?
8. Explain PSVM, SYSOUT?
9. Jenkins and GIT
10. Basic selenium question and sql?

Technical 2
1. Common question(Intro)
2. Java(Collection Questions only)
3. Java Programming (Sort array in reverse order)
4. How do you handle maintenance and updates of automated test scripts?
5. Does finally {} block always run?
6. Automate one page (Login-Add to cart Assert-logout-Reporting).

Managerial Round
1. In manual testing, it takes 10 minutes, whereas in automation, it takes
10 minutes to check a functionality, so what would be your preference? and
Why?
2. how comfortable are you with programming languages other than Java
Selenium?
3. How do we identify what can be automated?
4. Can you discuss a challenging automation project you’ve worked on and
how you overcame obstacles?
5. How do you stay updated with the latest trends and best practices in
automation testing?
6. Normal discussion about previous work? What you like the most?


Some basic Selenium interview questions asked for a QE(Part1):

1)How do you handle windows and tabs?
2)How do you handle iframes?
3)Diff between FindElement and FindElements.
4)Explain Different locators in selenium
5)Explain diff waits in Selenium/ diff between implicit and explicit wait.
6)How do you handle dynamic elements in Selenium WebDriver?
7)Tell me some exceptions you have faced while writing the framework.
8)Diff between driver.close() and driver.quit().
9)Diff assertions in selenium(assert.assertEquals,assertTrue etc)
10)Write a code snippet to launch Firefox browser in WebDriver.
11)What are the different types of navigation commands?
12)How do you handle mouse actions in selenium and also write me the code for that ?
13)How do you handle alerts in Selenium and also write me the code?
14)How can you find if an element is displayed on the screen?(like using isDisplayed, isEnabled etc)
15)What is Page Object Model and how have you implemented in your framework and explain the same.
16)What is Page Factory in Selenium? 
17)Explain the concept of DesiredCapabilities and how they are used in Selenium WebDriver.